Remove TXT verification from custom domains (#794)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/cloud-routing/dedicated/custom-domains.mdx

<DedicatedPreview />

The _custom domains_ feature lets you replace the default `apollographos.net` router endpoint URL with your own subdomain, for example, `api.apollographql.com`.

Custom domains can help to:

- Minimize client-side changes
- Use your existing CORS policies and security controls
- Protect your cloud routers from DDoS attacks

## How custom domains work

Custom domains use CNAME records, which are assigned at the variant level, to use a custom domain in place of the default `apollographos.net` [router endpoint URL](./quickstart#router-endpoint-url).
Custom domains run on [Cloudflare's](https://www.cloudflare.com/) global network.
Using a custom domain provides DDoS protections and TLS termination to your cloud routers.

### Zero downtime migrations

> Custom domains support zero downtime migrations when you want you want to move `api.mycompany.com` from a different host to GraphOS Cloud.

Reviewer: @jackonawalk , the direction confuses me here. Don't custom domains allow folks to have their router endpoint point to their company subdomain rather than a GraphOS one?

Is this correct:

```suggestion
When you're ready to replace the default GraphOS Cloud domain with your custom subdomain, custom domains support zero-downtime migrations.
```

Author: This is a scenario where they have an existing API available at something like api.mycompany.com and they want to migrate it to GraphOS Cloud but they need to ensure zero downtime as they remap the domain from their old service to graphos cloud.
